feat: Bigger Channels (#1384)
get10101/10101: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Add liquidity options to the onboaring flow
> - Pay fixed channel opening fees instead of onchain transaction fees
> - Increased maximum channel size
> - Add minimum channel size
> - Split onboading and create invoice flow
> - Format amounts in input fields

Reviewer: :wrench:

```suggestion
- Add liquidity options to the on-boarding flow.
- Pay fixed channel-opening fees instead of on-chain transaction fees.
- Increase maximum channel size to X.
- Add minimum channel size.
- Split on-boarding flow from create-invoice flow.
- Format amounts in input fields.
- Set coordinator leverage to 2?
```

Author: >  Increase maximum channel size to X.

This is configurable, I wouldn't put a number here.

> Set coordinator leverage to 2?

It's not really set to 2 its made configurable on the selected liquidity option.
